# Meeting Notes 04-01-2025

### Attendance:
- Alison
- Porter
- Jared
- Justin

### Summary:

- We reviewed feedback from Paula for our project plan/team structure.
- We decided that using Spring/SpringBoot would add too much to the cognitive load for the semester and removed it.
- We talked about trimming down our timeline and meeting more often to make that happen.
- We talked about and sketched out an outline of the resources needed for the project - [App Diagram](/screenshots/team-meeting-app-components.png)
- We decided to do the week 9 exercise together and came up with a basic database table and structure to for a demo API.
- We screen shared and worked together on the week 9 exercise.
- We talked about the issues with hibernate config files being used in our 4 local dev environments and how to deal with that.
- We made a plan to meet on 04-03-2025 to finish the week 9 exercise.

### TODO:
- [ ] Meet and finish week 9 exercise.
- [ ] Review and Submit week 9 exercise.
